src/docs/GetStarted/Developers/Configuration/index.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Configuration'
order: 3
---

## mozaic.config.js

> mozaic.config.js allows you to configure and customize Mozaic.

Create a mozaic.config.js file at the root of your project:

```js mozaic.config.js
module.exports = {
  /* options */
}
```

## SASS options

### `sass.includePaths`: array of paths

Allow you to import SCSS files from those paths without having to specify them.
Specified paths will be added to the default ones.

**Default values:**

```
[
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/styles/',
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/styles/settings-tools/',
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/styles/typography/',
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/styles/layout/',
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/styles/utilities/',
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/styles/components/',
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/tokens/build/scss/',
  './node_modules/',
]
```

**Example:**

```js mozaic.config.js
module.exports = {
  sass: {
    includePaths: ['./src/path/to/cssDir/'],
  },
}
```

### `sass.indentWidth`: integer

Change the indent width of the compiled CSS file.

**Default values: 2**

**Example:**

```js mozaic.config.js
module.exports = {
  sass: {
    indentWidth: 4,
  },
}
```

## Tokens options:

### `tokens.localTokensSrcPath` and `tokens.localTokensExportPath`

`localTokensSrcPath` is used to define your local emplacement for your custom tokens, `localTokensExportPath` defines where they should be built.

Note that both options should always be used together.

Use those options to customize tokens. For more information, read our Tokens customisation guide.

```js mozaic.config.js
module.exports = {
  tokens: {
    localTokensSrcPath: './src/tokens/', // path to your own js files
    localTokensExportPath: './dest/build/', // path to compiled files
  },
}
```

## stylelint options:

### `stylelint.disabled`

Allow you to disabled Mozaic built-in config.
**Default values: 'false'**
**Example: **

```
disbaled: true | false
```

### `stylelint.caseStyle`: String or Regex

Allow you to choose the case style to lint. You can add your own Regex rule to lint.

**Default values: 'kebab-case'**

**Example: **

```
caseStyle: 'kebab-case' | 'camelCase' | 'snake_case' | 'PascalCase' | /^[a-z]+(_[a-z]+)*$/
```

### `stylelint.bemEntitiesDelimiters`: Object

Allow you to specify separators to check the BEM structure.

**Default values: **

```js mozaic.config.js
  bemEntitiesDelimiters: {
    modifier: '--',
    element: '__',
    media: '@',
  }
```

### `stylelint.prefixes`: Array

Allow you to specify additional prefixes. Multiple prefixes can be added.

**Default values: ['mc-', 'ml-', 'mu-', 'mt-', 'mdu-'] **

```js mozaic.config.js
  prefixes: ['lrc-', 'lrl-', 'LrUtility-'],
```

**Full example: **

```js mozaic.config.js
module.exports = {
  stylelint: {
    caseStyle: 'kebab-case', // ['camelCase', 'snake_case', 'PascalCase']
    bemEntitiesDelimiters: {
      modifier: '--',
      element: '__',
      media: '@',
    },
    prefixes: ['example-'],
  },
}
```

## Browserslist option:

### `browserslist` : Array

### `browserslist.disabled

Allow you to disabled Mozaic built-in config.
**Default values: 'false'**

**Example: **

```
disabled: true | false
```

`browserslist` is used to define custom browsers to use for SCSS compilation.

** Default value: **

```
['> 0.3%', 'last 3 version', 'IE > 10']
```

**Full example: **

```js mozaic.config.js
module.exports = {
  browserslist: ['last 2 versions', 'firefox >= 45', 'IE >= 11'],
}
```

## PurgeCSS option:

### `purgecss` : Object

Allow you to clean up CSS from your sources files.
**Default values: null**

**Example: **

```js mozaic.config.js
purgecss: {
  content: ['./src/**/*.html', './src/**/*.js', './src/**/*.vue']
}
```

To see all available options, referer to the [official documentation of the PostCSS plugin](https://purgecss.com/configuration.html#options)

Commit message:

docs(configuration): add documentation about mozaic.config.js (#1594)
* docs(configuration): add documentation about mozaic.config.js

* docs(configuration): add documentation about mozaic.config.js

---------

Co-authored-by: Rémi Doolaeghe <remidoolaeghe@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: dmartinds <171576517+dmartinds@users.noreply.github.com>

src/docs/GetStarted/Developers/Configuration/index.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Configuration'
order: 3
---

## mozaic.config.js

> mozaic.config.js allows you to configure and customize Mozaic.

Mozaic configuration can be defined in a file to customize it to your needs, such as enabling or disabling plugins, or change their configuration.

### Naming the configuration file

The naming of Mozaic configuration file depends on the configuration of your module system. If you use CommonJS system, then you should create a file `mozaic.config.js`. If you use ESM, the name will be `mozaic.config.cjs`, to tell the compiler the config file uses CommonJS syntax.

To know which module system you use, have a look at your `package.json`. If you have a field `type: "module"`, then you are in ESM system. Otherwise (no `type` or type: "commonjs"), you are in CommonJS. For further information, please have a look at [official Node documentation](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#determining-module-system)

For the rest of the documentation, Mozaic configuration file will be referred as `mozaic.config.js`, even if you are in CommonJS case.

### Create mozaic.config.js

Create a mozaic.config.js file at the root of your project:

```js mozaic.config.js
module.exports = {
  /* options */
}
```

## SASS options

### `sass.includePaths`: array of paths

Allow you to import SCSS files from those paths without having to specify them.
Specified paths will be added to the default ones.

**Default values:**

```
[
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/styles/',
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/styles/settings-tools/',
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/styles/typography/',
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/styles/layout/',
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/styles/utilities/',
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/styles/components/',
  './node_modules/@mozaic-ds/tokens/build/scss/',
  './node_modules/',
]
```

**Example:**

```js mozaic.config.js
module.exports = {
  sass: {
    includePaths: ['./src/path/to/cssDir/'],
  },
}
```

### `sass.indentWidth`: integer

Change the indent width of the compiled CSS file.

**Default values: 2**

**Example:**

```js mozaic.config.js
module.exports = {
  sass: {
    indentWidth: 4,
  },
}
```

## Tokens options:

### `tokens.localTokensSrcPath` and `tokens.localTokensExportPath`

`localTokensSrcPath` is used to define your local emplacement for your custom tokens, `localTokensExportPath` defines where they should be built.

Note that both options should always be used together.

Use those options to customize tokens. For more information, read our Tokens customisation guide.

```js mozaic.config.js
module.exports = {
  tokens: {
    localTokensSrcPath: './src/tokens/', // path to your own js files
    localTokensExportPath: './dest/build/', // path to compiled files
  },
}
```

## stylelint options:

### `stylelint.disabled`

Allow you to disabled Mozaic built-in config.
**Default values: 'false'**
**Example: **

```
disbaled: true | false
```

### `stylelint.caseStyle`: String or Regex

Allow you to choose the case style to lint. You can add your own Regex rule to lint.

**Default values: 'kebab-case'**

**Example: **

```
caseStyle: 'kebab-case' | 'camelCase' | 'snake_case' | 'PascalCase' | /^[a-z]+(_[a-z]+)*$/
```

### `stylelint.bemEntitiesDelimiters`: Object

Allow you to specify separators to check the BEM structure.

**Default values: **

```js mozaic.config.js
  bemEntitiesDelimiters: {
    modifier: '--',
    element: '__',
    media: '@',
  }
```

### `stylelint.prefixes`: Array

Allow you to specify additional prefixes. Multiple prefixes can be added.

**Default values: ['mc-', 'ml-', 'mu-', 'mt-', 'mdu-'] **

```js mozaic.config.js
  prefixes: ['lrc-', 'lrl-', 'LrUtility-'],
```

**Full example: **

```js mozaic.config.js
module.exports = {
  stylelint: {
    caseStyle: 'kebab-case', // ['camelCase', 'snake_case', 'PascalCase']
    bemEntitiesDelimiters: {
      modifier: '--',
      element: '__',
      media: '@',
    },
    prefixes: ['example-'],
  },
}
```

## Browserslist option:

### `browserslist` : Array

### `browserslist.disabled

Allow you to disabled Mozaic built-in config.
**Default values: 'false'**

**Example: **

```
disabled: true | false
```

`browserslist` is used to define custom browsers to use for SCSS compilation.

** Default value: **

```
['> 0.3%', 'last 3 version', 'IE > 10']
```

**Full example: **

```js mozaic.config.js
module.exports = {
  browserslist: ['last 2 versions', 'firefox >= 45', 'IE >= 11'],
}
```

## PurgeCSS option:

### `purgecss` : Object

Allow you to clean up CSS from your sources files.
**Default values: null**

**Example: **

```js mozaic.config.js
purgecss: {
  content: ['./src/**/*.html', './src/**/*.js', './src/**/*.vue']
}
```

To see all available options, referer to the [official documentation of the PostCSS plugin](https://purgecss.com/configuration.html#options)
